[Music]
Javi says I saw a clip why am I with
him Oh yeah yeah I saw a clip a and uh I don't know if
I'm missing something because nothing I go listening to
things in pairs well no I don't consume
that I don't see anything I don't listen to much either
I only listened to the clip where it says
e churra But how is it possible that even
the girlfriend churra the girlfriend supports him churra
and what does he want her to support him he's a
slanderer a slanderer besides first of all I
have personality he wants my
girlfriend to stand by him and Dallas
or whatever I understand I understand the point
he's making I don't agree clearly I understand
what he means of of Why do I endorse
everything raed says mistake I don't endorse
everything red says we are two
different people based based Mr Neon a kiss
handsome Thank you very much Today we haven't
set a goal Today I don't have a
clear goal let's see a goal
today's goal is going to be a bit of a survey okay today's goal is going to
be a bit of a
survey I'm going to play it soft okay I'm going to
play it soft so it's
accessible Okay and it's only going to last 30
minutes  it's only going to last okay because
if you want it's 30 minutes do you think that RAE
should be in prison in prison for a
while to calm down we have
opinions and together sometimes we think the
same and other times we
differ So that's normal like or I mean I
'm old enough
education enough to have my
own reasoning I am chupac I am
chupac I don't need to have someone to
guide me where to go no if
at one point I think that he's an
idiot he made a mistake he didn't say we
differ we differ for x reasons I
tell him or I let him know No no it's that
differing is like postponing differing is not I
differ he didn't mean to say and if I don't
agree and I say Hey for me here it
seems like it's closed like I did many
times in real life like in Stream that
's an okay Okay but I mean what he's
trying to say is that he doesn't
agree with many things on the network eh but he
doesn't say it in public so as not to
burn him no that he already humiliates himself enough
that he already humiliates himself enough thing and
second There are a lot of things that the
guy  for me it does wrong and obviously I am in
favor of almost all of them and the poor thing,
poor thing, almost all of them, eh, almost all of them are my
partner and yes, he is my partner because I
choose him with all the virtues and with
some defects that they may have
there. Well yes, some defects, eh, some
defects there are. What is the girl's name? She's
nice, eh. I like her, eh. What is the
girl's name? What is the girl's name? I don't
know. Anyway, I choose him like
tomorrow his partner will grab and be
the number one fan of his bad haters.
No, clearly, no, no, but based on
Lorena there, eh, I mean, based on if
Tina Tina is chosen, I really like Tina, the
la lor, yes, the lor, she follows pelucas, the
canine, and Wilson because the
truth is, let's see how you count
humor, that is not going to happen, it will never happen.
And surely she must also differ
on a lot of issues that she is not going to come
out and say publicly because she is so
humiliated that her relative RAE is hitting you, I
mean, Agus, my friend Agus
says that ra has some defect, okay, they are defects
that come from factories Okay and and and
Rael comes with some flaws but
that she loves it like that okay that she has
taken it So she wants it like that but
obviously she is not going to burn it in
public based guys we have
Agustina's Instagram to follow her
her partner and she is also her support she is
her company they have children whatever and she is not going to
defenestrate it on the networks being her
partner and choosing it day by day then
at home she calmly tells him or ra
that the same thing has happened to you a little
threatening a baby RAE RAE calm down
that the same thing doesn't make me very happy about the
photo that you took your neighbor I mean
what do you think that really and
genuinely I also tell you eh I mean
about putting the relative and giving my opinion
I did it a long time ago on the
forum topic co tiando okay we are talking
about 2019 But well M it is the worst idea
You know why is that you are exposing her
to that imagine that I am an [ __ ]
and I start here to insult Imagine that
I  I'm a raed If I were a raed I would
start insulting a girl you know and
now maybe the girl puts up with it or she ca
n't put up with it because she's not into this
you know we all follow her the kids if we
have the girls' Instagram I'm
going to follow her okay I mean because it's B
we're not talking about them
pretending eh to be the good guys in the movie
what do you think about them really
believing that they are right and that
they are the good guys in the movie what
question I mean ask her about a topic I
mean what do you think about them believing that they
are the good guys in the movie and in
reality they believe their arguments ra
really stop eating joints for breakfast I mean taking
joints and putting them in the toast
and taking a bite that doesn't sit well with you
okay ask her Hey what do you think about me taking
a photo of the
two of us and uploading a photo of Javi and his girlfriend and
saying please please tell me that
we are more handsome okay something like that
ask her a specific topic Hey what do
you think about how yesterday  I made Javi a little
drawing of two p's okay tell him something like that
but what do you think about them thinking they're
the good guys is that he puts his
cap on really tight too that squeezes eh he
puts his cap on really tight too eh
movie I mean people like giving
review And Javi Oliveira think that they are
the good guys in the movie and that they are
really right the worst Of course he's
going to say to the girl what he's going to say to the
girl
is the people who follow him because the people who follow
them applaud those things or I mean
constantly repeating I make a tweet
and some idiot of this that
Oliveira continues to tell me why I
take pictures of my neighbors or I mean but what
what are you talking about Ah because Agustina
hasn't seen Twitter and doesn't know that it's
true I mean she doesn't know she doesn't know that it
's true Of course because how is she
lying but why is she why is she
denying this so calmly
But why is she if she knows No if it has been
spoken in front of her Of course but I
don't understand But why is she
denying it so so so chill if
the screenshots have been published  a lot of times
Ah from a screenshot of a
group in which I was with Dallas
and with and with Apple and the other when what I
was telling him at that moment was not
even there is a comment from
squeo to jeeva saying Oh but how
come there isn't even a comment from Sad
qu or so then you were commenting on the
pool tiles I mean what are you
telling me but let's see RAE let's
see RAE what the [ __ ] are you telling me
Look look I have the tile right now I have the tile right now
Look what a
beautiful tile and it also matches my
bathroom espar that now I'll take a picture Look look
what point what score do you
give the tile I can't believe it I ca
n't believe it I'm so comfortable that look
Uy Look at this chick how hot she is I
'm drinking I took a picture of her and I said
look these chicks are here they separated and they
had the whole pool of the building to
sit on and they sat here drunk in
front of me That's all to
say about them with the friends because
people who are like that have already shown that they
have  they have the morals of cardboard like
he says mu I
mean people are what I said the other
day the people who boast the most or the people
but when you when you start
writing to girls to have threesomes red
it means that I have consented with your
partner you understand one thing is that I
have a relationship in which I have threesomes
And then I write to girls to
have threesomes and another thing is that you in the
pool Without your girlfriend knowing because the girl's
face is not seen to be
very happy with it you
become a stalker making shape without
photos without consent to the girls
in bikinis what a filthy man how disgusting the [ __ ] there are
pages on the internet so you don't have to
harass people who say the most the people who
criticize the most are the people who
unfortunately do it the most So I we
say that Dallas and Urdaneta
are trying to hire hitmen to
kill that same day the friends the
parents everyone look what
this guy is doing I mean this guy is
talking to the other Malandro saying
that they are going to finish off another youtuber
because they  it falls bad or so it's crazy
these idiots think that we are
going to invent That story or mean
where am I going to invent it from? I don't believe
that you invent that Ray not at all I
think that you, a person with a head
as settled as you who is denying
here to the people about the photos to the
neighbors saying that it is to a tile can you please
make me a place you are here
can you make me the next tweet of
raay please I don't know if it is here it is
noticeable it is noticeable how he tries to lead the
girl's argument even though it fails he
starts to put on his usual crazy face
and even raises his voice Greetings Javi
red heart the tweet of
raed's tweet okay with the image of raed with the speech
bubble at the top with the tweet do you remember
not the one that he gets so angry Well I have
a new version in which I want it to
say I did not take photos of girls without their
consent in the pool we were
scoring the tiles please let them believe it
that I believe it But from where In what
head does it fit that I am going to go out and
say these people wanted to contact
hitmen of  where where tell me
where you can invent a movie
about someone like that could if I
wanted to throw [ __ ] at the guy I've been
able to do
anything and because they continue a
person who is capable of doing
anything and denying anything like
saying that a woman was with a
[ __ ] shor shai I mean that's it
when you realize that people came
to believe something like that you realize that
that type of society is totally
lost to believe such an atrocity I
mean never I mean physically it's impossible
well I'm not going to comment on this subject
Because honestly that was something that
well Dallas gave it publicity and the whole
thing no Or he mentioned it But because
Nimu's ex told him no In any case not
Nimu's ex And then Nimu's ex started
saying that Delos paid him no I
mean Delos paid him to
delete or something like that I don't remember how it
was what they said that I don't know who would be
right in the end there because
since they haven't debated in the end
things will stay like there is going to be a
criminal complaint by the way  It is worth noting
because they already taron him today, Nimu came out and
tweeted today that he is going to get a
criminal complaint filed against the baby for
saying that a woman I am that it is a
real criminal case am I in any case a
civil Well maybe you say Well I
could have no but a civil is a
criminal case that is not an accusation of a
crime no I mean it depends No maybe not that
is an accusation of a crime it is that
we were not No I have never given it around
there the truth without any proof
only the testimony only the
testimony of a sofil crime ex who
was trolling him apart And that apart he
has the nerve to not even download the
video to YouTube bro you are
blatantly lying about this woman you
are defaming Send her in the worst
possible way saying that she
stains you in the worst way Post private that on
top of that is a lie her privacy no no
because she does have many things against
him the times that he insulted her the
defamations when she told where they lived
when she contacted the police of Andorra
to go look for her that it was illegal
when she told what they lived on when she
revealed  the address of the place where he
worked or had a company has
a lot of things against him a lot of
defamation
clearly nimu do not report the
review my love you are hitting me no no do it
or guys have been a
bad temper is posting a video of mine from
javel wigs are watching javel wig
seriously I can't stand the ra for [ __ ] sake he is
very cute that peraro you have to
respond when you go to post it
think you go to other creators and
tell them they are no more idiots because he doesn't
pay you stop defaming and go
chase your tail and smell
ass that yes you have
studied it Of course you are a person who will
tell you Well I have a guard person well
Agustina says that that girl is great
am I putting on screen or am I not in the
mood insulting me here in these
specifically the two that I have posted are me
eh What does Dallas's [ __ ] taste like wags his
tail doggy I don't know what and and says that
Hahaha Ha that girl is great I mean she is
like super offended because Dallas
insulted the animu okay suddenly Oh but  it's that
nimo has many things against him
but now now he sees anima insulting
other people and chill is great esam that's
for we don't follow her anymore We don't
follow her anymore what does she say what does she
say to her posh girl from Dallas that's something you
've studied what does she
say now it's going now it's going now it's going now the
next video is explaining what
the posh girl knows
deed nothing to do with it I just wanted her channel to be with
nimu fans today with the new
series of the nimu fan club that she has
because the old videos were
obsolete and she's been announcing it for a
long time before this news in her
Stream better than the next video is
what explaining What does the posh girl from
Dallas know that she has
studied well explain one thing Now oh God
God Sant explaining what the posh girl from
Dallas knows Holy God RAE You know what
nimu is answering me there, look cute
that you are too You know what
nimu is answering me there about crypto
Spain, that is There nimu is answering me
to a tweet where I put your capture
mom racho  trust if you're stupid and you
have no principles or anything, I mean you're
just basing yourself on whether I get into a
fight with you tomorrow you support the exact opposite right
there He's responding to your thing about
Cristo Pain that you said that delos
was a scammer another line for the
tiger Look for a tweet Look at this tweet you
're stupid dude you're
really stupid And you're leaving your girlfriend there you
bad girl get her out of there humiliate
yourself Look do you remember this tweet Look
another line for the tiger okay eh they were
wondering Why the biggest
criminal in the world crypto delox deleted
more than 1000 videos from his channel at the moment
Okay so I got a tweet out of this
And so that's what
nimu is responding to me telling me that's a
lie that he deleted the videos because of the
thumbnail and that it's better if I suck
dala's dick or how many pages does
dala's dick have eh No but it turns me on a bit like a
dog don't go wag your tail and
sniff ass like the dog you are or something like that
no  that was for me to do If I were like like
you Well I would answer
nmu with a dog joke No now that you
make it so easy for me now that we're
talking about dogs it doesn't happen that I don't
fall for that because well why don't
I mess with couples like you who are
a stalker do you understand me Look if you are
stupid RAE Look if you are stupid look at the
face that the poor guy has Look
if you are stupid RAE that the other day
We already caught you with the dibai The other
day we caught you with the dib that you
started to invent that you defended
IB when dala messed with him in front of
you Look if you are stupid that you started
to say eh that we have to see those who
donated to Fran costs we have a t of yours
sucking his [ __ ] Fran Here I am for
whatever you need I will donate to you And look if
you are stupid that You are applauding now
a tweet that this is from September here
you were still eating my balls okay And
in this  tweet I'm echoing
a news that you give what happens is that
now since you fought with the
D you went to talk to the delox or
are you completely stupid it's that you're
stupid I think you should take off this topknot that you
have here because I suppose that
when you're sucking his dick it tickles his
belly button so
take it off Well recommend that I put the
cap on like this tight like you because then maybe
I'll get a mark when I
take it off But well recommend that I
put it on like this so that not a single
hair on that topknot moves because he'll probably
start laughing when you touch this
[ __ ] on his belly button clown a penalty I do
n't know if a penalty this guy how disgusting it is you
idiot
a complaint how disgusting it is I swear it disgusts me how disgusting it is I feel when
I see this guy's face you idiot I see him
and I want to vomit dude I
want to vomit  guys who
harass women raay guys who
threaten children under 5 years old that
disgusts me a lot I think they should be
in jail I find
guys who stand in the
pool taking pictures of
women without consent disgusting
and tiresome to you guys no
no the same thing happens to me it's that a guy
who starts taking pictures of a girl
without consent the girls in the
pool imagine I mean you Imagine
you buy your house in a quiet
private development you're in a pool
and some 40-something year old pig comes along
to take your picture how disgusting kid
how disgusting to put him in jail eh how
can there be such a pathetic person on the internet it's disgusting
this guy is disgusting what he does
shameful what he dedicates his [ __ ] life to
brother a disgusting person how disgusting how
disgusting everything disgusts me the guy the accent
the way he's cool there to throw one out
he's too much too much too
funny Oh What  funny I'm I threw a mi
that he threw a
mi at him if she is Dallas's ex and was his friend
why do you think he is now on the
Dallas review side you didn't know
why he switched sides you didn't
know that he was the main hater of
Dallas you didn't know Ah well he was the
main hater of Dallas such a hater of d
was that I told him he made tweets of this
Caliber look at the tweets the caliber the
tweets that he made the jolas this Before he
bounced miare I'm going to
look for the tweet it's one I think he
dedicated some tweets to insulting me I don't
remember very well he's saying that no that
the woman that I slept with
supposedly is an angel of the
lord that they are going to beatify her right now
being the wife of Ja oliveira I
doubt it very much but he's saying that his
wife is posting tweets to him but
look at the quality of tweets that
Javi oliveira posted to him Now this dog By
the way there's one thing that r doesn't answer let's
see if we can all ask him
because he hasn't  answered RAE
get out of the way get out of the way that you
are a Partner of cristo.com because I
have here The screenshots in which they
deny you they know that you are a
person who just got out of jail
they know that what you do with
harassment is worth it And they say that they have
absolutely nothing to do with you that
if you have created a referral link
or something like that but that you do not
put yourself in the way that you are a Partner of
cristo.com because they do not want to know
anything about you of this sock with the woman
look at the quality of tweets and the
qualities of offense that he made
before my father bounced it by retweet
if you think that if you were Dallas's mother
No no it's that look It's that
you look if you don't know This debate of mine with
Dallas the conversations are of much
an my conversations with my Arre
are nights of fun in which
she is not uncomfortable in the conversation
long before this debate two years
before this debate or rather look at the
spite that I  I had because the other one did
n't sleep with me that night that this is
two years later, look at the logic
but of course since you're using an
argument from Antonia, well that's what
happens to you, it sounds a bit like those
people guys t okay punctuating wait
I'm going to write the text lu that
night my you're hooked up with Cristina
Bernard exactly, I mean it's a
friend's night out just to have fun and little else but it doesn't matter it
has nothing to do with it, I mean even if it
was real Although my
intention was real, I wasn't with my
wife m then two or three weeks later
we got back together mm we continued our
normal friendship That was in 2016, I mean, I continued
the friendship with them until January 2019, do you
understand me, I mean That's the argument
that the lady at school ordered
the army to join the little team but it's
like it doesn't make much sense either,
no because the heartbreak comes over you
immediately, no at three of you would leave his
10-year-old sister alone with him for
fear that he'd look at her differently, like  [ __ ] [ __ ] [ __ ]
the offended one
because I told him vagre retweet yes but I do
n't understand what it is that he's doing to me it's that I
'm not understanding So you
think the tweets that I posted
to Dalas in 2017 are strong and you know that we are in
2025 and you do it now I mean it does
n't make sense what do you want
that you're acting indignant
when you came to eat my balls in
private you didn't know this do you think that
Dallas's mom shouldn't leave her
little sister alone with him for fear that he will
see her with different eyes the offended one This is
the offended one a tweet yes a
chill tweet a chill tweet that's a chill tweet
that the slanderer slanderer was throwing
this a chill uncle who
threw this at him Now they are the best
friends because they are equally scum together we are not
best friends we are colleagues they are
both scum scum that the
internet is going to be a fas that they made so much
[ __ ] can they get together that's
the reason ig because because when they
saw each other like this  they recognized each other in a mirror
because they are exactly the same to get in
wait Let's see one thing ra because it is that I
think that you forgot the
truth I think that you forgot one
thing you do not know the human quality
and the quality of person that Dallas has you
have no idea what it is to have a
friend like Dallas it is an
impressive thing how happy I am at
this moment to be able to be friends with a
person like that what transparency What a
person is incredible pana my brother I
love you very much and you have given me an
opportunity that la la well I appreciate it
like nothing in the world all those who
want to harm you are going to regret
having tried to harm you In that
way telling lies and slandering
because they are professional slanderers the
slanderers were others Because they make a living
slandering people because they have no
proof of what they say and and all that
we are going to do is so that the
project continues forward and so that your
name no one ever tries to stain it
ever directly luar can you send me that
clip by WhatsApp finally to take it to
be disgustingly rep united them the
hatred the frustration towards a  woman who
is miare why Why my poor mine
what a shame to be with a guy and then
not leave you alone not leave you alone
wherever he is screw you up
shoving this into you naming you what a sentence it
must be for the girl the worst thing she did
Can you tell me something Hey good ally of
mine Antonia Tell everyone who is
labeling you Hey good
Defenders eh good supports good
supports this one the same this guy
changes sides the moment
miare gave him a truckload of beer and
said take it go Take it Take
this crate of beer here sir go get
drunk because you're not going to be
able to touch me They didn't give him a hair What
the [ __ ] But at what moment if here that
had already happened I mean at what moment
rael a little case of beer on top he is
dyeing woman because if since
then obviously he was married when he
was flirting there are the tweets eye
This is not it is not an invention like the
inventions
where he says a few things there How
beautiful that not  you're going to tell your
mom and a few things of course you're not
going to tell her no Ray or literally
no uncle Neon a literal kiss just
denied with all his dick that he doesn't start
taking pictures of women in the
pool the girls in the pool
okay the disgusting thing and now he starts
complaining about whether I do or don't do whatever I
want eh what are you
telling me dude no Ah don't tell
your mom I mean miare that I mean
telling miare not to tell her
mom anything because obviously
the [ __ ] was that she had to be 16 17 years old and
this this 16 17 years old no he doesn't have a [ __ ]
clue what the luck comes out of his mouth dude I
mean he talks because he has a mouth and that's it eh
my mre had the jeeva he was 16 17
years old no no no no but he's completely
dumb I mean it's that the support of these
people is that the little team But who's the
dumbest of all family Who's the
dumbest of all  little team could
be Ray no raay like a crazy guy not this
guy because obviously we already know what he
is eh And I would like to know why he gives the
so angry maybe d vi angry because they
discovered what he did with Olivita And
from when
they found out what he did with Olivita he
turned into verser mode to denounce
everyone to call everyone a pedophile
and to mess with everyone I mean
lece calls everyone pedo to everyone
why because he was the one who was accused
of that So he has makes sense it makes
sense eh based ra eh based
suffered a lot the herdal has suffered
a lot since they discovered that he
was sadique and one of 13
churra lo that churra boy who is
like at some point God I have to
look for Ray eating my balls eh
that there are also clp of mine eating my
balls but a lot eh neither Ry nor
Ricky are the sharpest pencils But
who is he let's see I think the
smartest of all let's see there are several there  two
in particular I'm not going to mention them But
there are two in particular that do seem
smart to me what happens is that they are very bad
of the little team I think that there are two that
are quite smart they are not stupid
But they are very bad they are very bad and
evil can get to them And it makes them look like
fools But they are very smooth revenge gone
crazy and there it is as if their true self is already bo
and never now he is quiet quiet
with everything quiet
with everything only attacking people on
tiktok Hello why do you need
new viewers then to be able to have
new viewers I like the
excuses that Javi says for when alas
loses a trial is that he is a drink
the night before the trial they
saw him out there in a bar and he was
drunk Oh my God Oh my God and the
girlfriend says no I disagree with him on some things
eh I disagree with him on some
things the mouth potatoes study graduate
from something please you are 40 years old brother
40 years old please you went soft God
It seems that I was soft he said it seems that I was
soft he says I don't understand  what's going on in
these people's
heads, I would never dare
say something like that because it's already going to be a RAE
neither Agus RAE
would ever say something like that, no way eh
RAE chill who really is a
super rec counterintelligent person and he is and
is every day in the Stream
is surely reacting to this
because now his Hobby is to come and
react to this Stream then eh
For tomorrow go yes I love it I don't care if
you like this content or not eh
maximum a kiss Hey by the way I have set
an objective that is going to end in 30
seconds I just realized I
had forgotten dude javid das with some
sick people that I am freaking out seeing
me this content I love it he is the
character that we needed I am not going to let
go you know no ZZ more I can't mm
in total disagreement what the [ __ ] are you
telling me What do you mean zzo What do you mean Z Z dude I
already saw the live delete it but I mean it doesn't
seem like one of the best I'm not going to I don't care I don't care I'm not going to
stop eh I'm not
going to stop this content  we're going to
react always make all the clips
go cutting to him I don't know who will be the
worst of the little soccer team but the one who
is selecting them has bad eyesight
for the players better alone than in bad
company me he he or she who selects
the team I don't know if he has good bad
eyesight But I think he does it with all
his good intention of winning this game
Okay and the battle above all his fight his
cause is worth it but I think let's see also
pulls on what he can have a kiss
maximum I think this morning Hey but it
seemed brutal to us the judge that
every time he gives the pier of a trial
I say for him at night That the judge has
gone out there to drink that what
I say doesn't make any kind
of sense so he
makes all the perfect cuts so that what
I say doesn't make any kind of
logic this [ __ ] or rather as if it were
very difficult that or rather that we in
reality what he is saying does make a
lot of sense what happens is that I
am cutting it and I am manipulating it
a lot to make it seem like it doesn't make
any kind of logic eh or  whatever
you're listening to really
makes a lot of sense, it's me who makes it
seem like it doesn't And you guys because I'm some
crazy [ __ ] a kiss and it seems like it
seems like that clip they make of
Homer in the chapter in the chapter where they
accuse him of grabbing the
babysitter's ass do you remember that it's going to
a fake program and in the program
they make some cuts and they only cut him
when he's doing it and such the one with
the candy a that's what
Oliveira does every day in his Stream
every day in the Stream he grabs it cuts
here that noo it can't be this he can't
say it because for example he
leaked a reaction to the Stream where I
tell him if I have all the evidence on
the blockchain that the
Pambi scammer is Dallas and Fernando Urdaneta and
they're all on my YouTube channel and the
guy quickly, I mean you guys could have seen it How
the guy quickly hits the bar to get
ahead because he says damn How the [ __ ] am I
going to justify this don't you
remember that great day when Ra
showed that and I running hit the
bar  wow man what a rush eh what a rush
that day eh I had to get rid of it
running because it's a pain eh
can I justify if it's on the
blockchain and it can't be edited How do I
justify this no no on the blockchain in
bitmar I was fast ahead you have to
cut here so that it can be seen that
what he's saying has no
logic the other strategy of the fool
is this one who thinks that someone
graduated for free that I got
my law degree I got it from a
conflate box No he didn't say he
has a law degree can't imagine he'll
hire RAE to defend you in a
trial and he starts banging his head on
the table he starts hitting his opponent
What the hell are you, son of a [ __ ] that you threaten that
you won't get me involved like that and he starts
saying I mean imagine the ra
defending you eh making up any
story I mean what a tremendous lawyer eh No no
but he said it seriously eh this
guy I go out and say for example let's
give an example I say the evidence of
the scams  of giving the reviews and Fernando
Urdaneta are absolutely all in the
blockchain the guy comes out and says but
churra if this has been From 7
months ago who is going to talk about this right now don't you
see how idiotic it is talking about this
right now 7 months later everything you
say he tries to discredit and he
tries to take away its value
saying but churra if this this this
here This was what the guy said to do it
two years ago churra and now it's here and what does it
matter you piece of idiot if it's true What does it
matter if it was two days ago or if it was
6 months ago if it was two years ago or if
the serl said it Or if his [ __ ]
mother said it What does it matter what does it matter that at what
moment they said it churras it doesn't matter it doesn't
matter eh so
suddenly Che the laser len with his story about
the tweet that I put on 22 Antonia
with her conversations from 2016 eh Win
michu I think he's still saying that he's
changed that we really believe that he's
changed the who who plus who
plus the gorgon with the son of each
one  with his story that it doesn't matter that it was
a decade ago eh
Nothing happens nothing happens based based rael it's
true [ __ ] reacting here about
Joan Plana and the to me what do I care if I
'm reacting Joan Planas I don't even know
Who Joan Plana is if there is a
clip of him saying useless fat cetas
to a bunch of women I tell you
look you know that you can't get offended
because I offend your wife because you
are the first one that of look at my
grandpa he already found a new toy it
reminded me of another season with the
previous toy we already needed another jsj and
this one with less lights Now all that's missing is for you to
upload the haters who defend him
to laugh at us XD but the thing is
that not one defends him eh I mean the
delo He still had malillo the delo He
still had malillo You know because with
that which is against Dallas like
someone always joins in And such But it's that
the raed doesn't even eh I mean the raed
tries the poor guy puts some FES
some tweet and all that stuff but it's that he does
n't  eh nobody you can't find almost
a tit that supports him eh Here is the clip of
you offending women churra that is
reacting to when I got horny
churrita with these fatties that have
messed with me I do have justification
churra because I am the churra and because I am
very delayed that I follow go to
suck the truth is the truth little brother
very well RAE based based RAE based the
truth is the truth but yes churr this
is too much it is the truth little sister the
truth is the truth what happened there I
want to see what happened there that I did not
get it wait what happened there
place is the
truth What did he do There the truth Eh Eh Eh
Eh listen listen that you are freaking eh
listen to me listen to me that this one is freaking eh
that they are here in this live I gave it to you
strange sauce when you threw yourself to roll
on the floor when you ran into absurdity
like this here you have gold to do it he has
earned it or kneel down and pray
like before I am older I am older  eh I
'm too old for that, my
knees, damn, look If I had, my
knees would hurt from walking so much
in New York, but
this is too old, this is from
when I didn't talk to anyone, erd. Ah,
when I didn't talk to Dallas and I
was fighting with Dallas, so that
means that he started
pissing on him, it's a lie, it's a lie. The
screenshots are a lie, that Dallas gets
into YouTube, dude. But if those
screenshots were based on a
very based one, I can't, we can't
replicate anything, it's been 6 months and what does it matter,
idiot? What does it matter that the screenshots are
six months ago? What does it matter, it has
nothing to do with the truth, it's the truth, the
DEA topic is already on. Christ. Oh, that frame, that
place, the frame I just stopped at, is
nice for the thumbnail, man, the frame is
ideal for the thumbnail. Coins, not
the cryptocurrency topic, not
the 11 Pambi scams that are going out of
style and are no longer trending on Twitter, doesn't
mean that they stopped being scams,
that people don't talk about, that
ETA and Dallas roaring anymore.  example s
days to Rock and they stole 0,000 it goes out of
style on Twitter but it doesn't mean that
people recovered the 0,000 that that pair
of thieves took that is still
a truth all the time applies the
same strategy Oh churra but look
churra apart apart he thinks he's The Comedian
he doesn't think he's The Comedian making memes
of 15 year old Mexican kids and he thinks
that he's the comedian The one who is
answering me with memes look Here he is he
answered me I sent him his I'm not
angry telesalseo and he didn't get mad the
baby got mad because
I didn't like his drawing you can't like the
drawing you can all go to the
drawing and like it and say r
put this on it please so that they don't say
that we are a community of hate okay
go all of you to this drawing and put r I
like it a lot It's very cool it's one of the
best montages how did you do it man
how how did you manage to put
Teresa's logo here in the seo How
handsome Oh how how  you did it dude How
well brought eh what I didn't get the thing about the
you know about the Jo What does
the Jo mean here in the Ah It's
from oliveira no Ah that's the o from
oliveira he's worked hard go No it's not
from oliveira eh the o instead of wario
oliveira oligario Well go please to
this tweet that doesn't have a like okay And me and you
put how cool RAE Heart heart
heart heart heart smiley face
how well done dude m Haha eh How did you
manage to put the pepper here that it
seems like it's really floating
back here the idiot thinks it's that I a
kiss Alexis I'm sending it to wuigi
because he's in charge wario no no we're
sending waluigi because yesterday in the
Stream one of you that I don't know which one it was
told me RAE that he doesn't look like wario that he looks
exactly like waluigi and really yes the
churra the churra telesalseo I'm not
angry every time I make a tweet or
something comes out here look here he came to the
defense of his master or not Dallas has
insulted well brought well brought the
meme raay very cool someone Thank goodness
that the Thank goodness that justice puts it
in its place now yes yes thanks for letting me
know tonight I will comment on it after
admitting that I parked in the second row
the other day by the way oliveira talking
about parking and driving more there are clips out
there of yours where you are driving
reading chats and talking to your phone
while you are driving without a
seatbelt Ah without a seatbelt
no I don't think so the car beeps when
you don't have the seatbelt no without a
seatbelt it wouldn't be without a seatbelt of the
pants Yes eh but without a
seatbelt not talking to the cell phone
maybe too That yes I will
recognize it RAE But you know what happens RAE
that you can talk to the cell phone okay
because on the other end of the connection there are
people who talk I know that you
use the phone to harass
women okay And take pictures like that
thong or I don't know but the cell phone has
something called hands-free or you
can put it in the support and you can
record yourself without a problem you know but yes yes yes that
there you said a factor I have
spoken to  mobile a lot of times I
recognize it a kiss friend A kiss Bravo
Wait a moment man Oh no [ __ ]
[Music]
[ __ ] in
we usually in those alone past
past RAE driving dancing
past raay driving and
[Music]
dancing Look at the reflection driving and
looking at the phone
[Music]
Oh driving and doing those
Instagram stories now go and criticize
brunenger when you are a [ __ ] brunenger
the same [ __ ] and it is not a single clip a
lot of clips with this dude with the
phone there talking to the
phone like that without a seatbelt and
driving Then it is projected it is
projected all the time it is projected
a lot eh it is projected a lot As
much as healthy and exemplary people like you
on the internet I mean me on the internet I am
much better than you because on the
internet I teach people something and
people go to this Stream with something in their
heads people leave here happy
because they go to sleep with something else the
people who leave your Stream leave full
of with their heads full of hate
resentment for people they don't know
with full  of lies and slander
about people they don't know based on eh there
eh repeating the lies of a
slanderer that's what he plants
in the heads of his they are very stupid my
post has 610 likes 610 likes comes the
[ __ ] guy with his other [ __ ] people
tweets and he has 779 likes What's the
first thing the [ __ ] people who
follow him do Well there they have given you a like
on that post yet the
humiliation of the ratio is not that much normally
Maybe I have 1000 likes every time I answer you
and your 10 likes Maybe they will
be yours and your girlfriend's but in that
specific one it is that you were putting the
Dallas conviction So when I
answer you the people who see my tweets
who are my haters give you more diffusion
you know I mean it's nothing what ratio what
ratio did he do Wow what an
impressive ratio ratio there are more of us
[ __ ] people there are more to me what do I care
but what does it have to do with him having
more likes that he has had his whole life
on YouTube has  123000 followers has that
idiot I have 13000 I have
13000 I have 610 Likes and also why
stand and he has 700 also ual yes no
you wipe the floor and keep in mind
that he you wipe the floor yes ra you wipe the
floor the poor girlfriend has to be
telling him yes RAE Yes yes you wipe the
floor RAE makes gossip and we know that
the term gossip moves masses guys
because people like the mess
crypto content
quality content gossip and defamation eh
quality content is harder than
the controversy is always going to have more I
was going to put some phrases from the girlfriend
at the beginning but since she has already turned
against me I forgot I was going to put
as a title ra's girlfriend defends me
but I was going to put some phrase at the
beginning of her I forgot dude
for the thumbnail I say even if it's
[ __ ] and that really does nothing
good for society because it is the real
based based badia reality one is not going to
earn more money Knowing if Gemita
cheated on Lauron or not
clearly No, I'm based based but we
want to
know but we want to know eh Ah but
but I don't remember something positive that he
told me before at the beginning eh raay Yes
Javi Accept it V already yes I accepted it from the
beginning Ah I don't remember could I
put the thumbnail something like I'm a
fan of Javi or something like that cosor says
look at this the [ __ ] Venezuelan is like
40 years old Look at the level please
see the level of hate no no the level of
hate Agustina the level the level of
mental retardation the [ __ ] Venezuelan is
like 40 years old How old is Javi
Oliveira is no no they are messing
with you because you are 40 years old RAE you
are messing with you because you are 40 years old
and you are stupid I mean it's not because
you are 40 years old you are not saying ah 40 years old you ca
n't be 40 years old people have
birthdays the problem is that you are 40
years old and you are like that 40 years old idiot  he's 40
years old I put it on me he turns me on he's
40 years old he acts like he's 20
I behave like I'm 20 years old
me who's watching coins and
cryptos here or the idiot who's
reacting to Juan guarnizo to wescol
who's the one who's 20 years old mentally
who Ah the one who's going to get
rich with a cryptocurrency like Unicorn
fardos or the idiot who has to be
seeing what wescol is doing
smelling the influencers' farts
Who's the one who acts like you
are so angry Why is he so angry the
baby is 43 at that da are
tremendous but why is
the baby so angry that was known for a long
time update yourself Poor thing he has so much
desire to get attention and I
tell him oliveras is older he is 40
human years that's in dog life He's 240
years old two and a half centuries the dog is I
put him and he boasts of his
answer and he boasts of his answer a
dog year 40  years is a lot he's an
old dog an ancient dog from
ancient doc I mean what what the [ __ ] is
wrong with him How is the [ __ ] Venezuela going to turn out 40
years old How old is the idiot The one you
're defending but are you
[ __ ] or what I mean are you really
mentally [ __ ] They are they are very losers they are
very losers So the idiot comes out here
and says Oh no you can't do it
love yourself a little Yes here love yourself
a little go sleep there with your
grab your agre grab your agre grab you and the
poor girlfriend laughing at the nonsense
that Ray says Look grab your
catfish your bagasse There give him your kiss Lie down to
sleep because every time you put your face like
that on the pillow you remember what I tell you
every time you Put your face like that like that he
says Damn Damn I
'm going to sleep and this son of a
[ __ ] told me that while I don't I
sleep like this watching the simsons like that
eating some of those gummies
Agustina stolen and already hidden ch he
says he says he doesn't get burned That's why I
look I don't even write to him
he doesn't come out to you because he's the
funny one Ah yes Ah I'm not funny Ah
well take Tom let's see if it's not a joke let's
see if it's not funny clown Ah Cos he's
going to sleep now with his agre he's angry no
But why is he like that take him out of there from the river it's
very funny RAE your answer
how cool you Grey from the river go to
sleep and such And it's putting the
dogs on the girls on instagram estle
putting the dogs on Dallas's ex-girlfriends
go lie down like that sleep
there with your V this tomorrow tomorrow when I
go out to do the basado and act like
Ah Oh How do I know I am the king of
gossip the king of gossip tomorrow
any tweet there any
video clip that the Stream puts out I'm going to
put it here agg to Luigi go Luigi is going to
put it as a response to me in the twit that
post no Ah well I put  this one that I put the
click of Dallas of him sucking
Dallas off over here Ray is going to appear at
any moment eh but I think he's
going to put it put this guy this is
really good Dallas and you have principles They
even go as good people with a
lot always kicks them out after
scratching fame that when they are no longer
interested they become sick until they
end up sunk and without relevance but
this guy is very very crazy no
this guy is very crazy eh I mean
besides he goes like s he goes like a motorcycle super
unhinged looking bad bad bad bad
doing the pathetic I mean but I don't know
if you get like that man I don't know maybe
if you answer it's calmer more chill
that you weren't angry you know but it's that you
are super angry eh it's looking
terrible but apart from insulting children
insulting women the poor girlfriend
next to me I imagine afraid of not saying
no to anything Of course obviously
tremendous crazy you have next to you but well
to have laughs it's good no no
we are not going to stop reacting
to this series it seems like cinema to me n no  Tomorrow we'll see that one
Tomorrow we'll see the cell phones
that I have to record for the main one
Tomorrow we'll see that one Total Okay
Tomorrow Okay tomorrow Okay tomorrow the day after
or in the extensible what do we do family I
understand Habi you can't tell him anything
ra I remind you that you don't wear a seatbelt
in the car Ah I would love this but it's just that no I'm not
going to invite to debate
a guy who insults my wife and my
son you understand But if not if I wouldn't
have crossed that line
[Music]